FC-0068: How to document of how to create an issue (#803)
openedx/docs.openedx.org: source/documentors/how-tos/create_github_issue.rst

How to Create a GitHub Issue
#################################

This how-to will help you create a GitHub issue related to the Open edX documentation.

.. contents:: Contents
  :local:
  :depth: 1

Prerequisites
*************

> * You have access to the Open edX documentation repository: `docs.openedx.org <https://github.com/openedx/docs.openedx.org>`_.

Reviewer: This isn't a specific prerequisite. Everyone has access to the repository. The only prereqs are a GitHub account.

* You have a GitHub Account

  * If not `sign up here`_.

> * In the GitHub UI, make any edits you need to make.

Reviewer: what does this mean as a prereq?

.. _sign up here: https://github.com/signup

Creating an Issue from GitHub 
*****************************

> #. Log in to your GitHub account and go under the repository docs.openedx.org.

Reviewer: Make this a link to the repo

   .. image:: /_images/documentors_howto/issue_template.png
      :width: 500px
      :align: center
      :alt: This image shows the Issues Templates menu.

#. Fill in all mandatory fields: "Issue Title", “Filename” and “What is broken about this file?”. A detailed description of the issue is highly recommended to enhance understanding of the requirements. Here, you can also assign the issue to a particular user, but it is preferable to wait for a volunteer.

#. Click the button **Create** to upload the issue.

   .. image:: /_images/documentors_howto/issue_template_form.png
      :width: 500px
      :align: center
      :alt: This image shows the Documentation Issue Template Form.

Creating an Issue from a Document
**********************************

This guide outlines the process for creating an issue to report a problem, suggest an improvement, or request updates in the Open edX documentation repository while you are consulting a particular document.

> #. In the file, scroll to the top of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. When viewing a document on `docs.openedx.org`_, scroll to the top of the page.
```
